cloud: rename three products (#13668)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/migrate-from-mysql-using-data-migration.md

# Migrate MySQL-Compatible Databases to TiDB Cloud Using Data Migration

> This document describes how to migrate data from a MySQL-compatible database on a cloud provider (Amazon Aurora MySQL, Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS), or Google Cloud SQL for MySQL) or a self-hosted one to TiDB Cloud using the Data Migration feature of the TiDB Cloud console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes how to migrate data from a MySQL-compatible database that is self-hosted or hosted on a cloud provider (Amazon Aurora MySQL, Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS), or Google Cloud SQL for MySQL) to TiDB Cloud using the Data Migration feature of the TiDB Cloud console.
```
